[WIP] Expose factory for typing icache to an interface (#510)
dojo/framework: docs/en/middleware/supplemental.md

-   `clear()`
    -   Clears all values currently stored in the widget's local cache.

> `icache` can be typed in two different ways, the first is using generics that enables the return type to be specified at the call-site and for `getOrSet` the return type can be inferred from the value type. If the `value` for `getOrSet` is a function then the type will be inferred from the functions return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`icache` can be typed in two different ways. One approach uses generics to enable the return type to get specified at the call-site, and for `getOrSet`, the return type can get inferred from the value type. If the `value` for `getOrSet` is a function then the type will get inferred from the functions return type.
```

```tsx
import { create, tsx } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import icache from '@dojo/framework/core/middleware/icache';

const factory = create({ icache });

interface FetchResult {
	foo: string;
}

const MyIcacheWidget = factory(function MyIcacheWidget({ middleware: { icache } }) {
	// `results` will infer the type of the resolved promise, `FetchResult | undefined`
	const results = icache.getOrSet('key', async () => {
		const response = await fetch('url');
		const body: FetchResult = await response.json();
		return body;
	});

	return <div>{results}</div>;
});
```

> This however doesn't give any typing for the cache keys, the preferred way to type `icache` is to create a pre-typed middleware using `createICacheMiddleware`. This allows for passing an interface which will create an `icache` middleware typed specifically for the passed interface and provides type safety for the cache keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However this approach doesn't provide any typing for the cache keys. The preferred way to type `icache` is to create a pre-typed middleware using `createICacheMiddleware`. This allows for passing an interface which will create an `icache` middleware typed specifically for the passed interface and provides type safety for the cache keys.
```
